Literature migration (#4)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/literature-guide/literature-guide-overview.md

---
title: Literature guide
permalink: literature-guide-overview.html
keywords: literature, papers, numerics

> summary: "Theses and papers for theoretical background of preCICE"

Reviewer: Maybe something more general:
```suggestion
summary: "A guide to the main reference literature for each component and feature of preCICE"
```

---

> Wherever the information in this documentation is not enough (in this case, [let us know](https://www.precice.org/resources/#contact)), you may find a wide spectrum of additional information in [publications](https://www.precice.org/publications/). This page will guide you through it.

Reviewer: Two points that I currently don't know how to handle (@uekerman):
1. Where do we now link for the "contact us"? Maybe the top-level "community" page? Maybe "community/channels"? Inany case, we don't have this already. It would also make sense to just merge this as it is and then have a second iteration where we check/update all the links.
2.  Where do we link for the publications? From our [proposed structure](https://pad.gwdg.de/jxoCHHtJSYiZt6hS3XgPVA) I understand that in the community we put the "everything that cites preCICE". Should we add here a subpage with our publications?

Reviewer 2: concerning 1.
I think "community/channels" is good. For the moment you could simply put `community-channels.html`. We have to check all links in the end anyway. Yes, let's not make this a merge stopper.

concerning 2.
Yes, in our proposed structure, we put everything that cites preCICE to community. I guess our thinking was that the "literature overview" is indeed where we list all publications about preCICE. So I guess, we don't need another page there. Right?

Reviewer: > I guess our thinking was that the "literature overview" is indeed where we list all publications about preCICE. So I guess, we don't need another page there. Right?

But still, [our current list of publications](https://www.precice.org/publications/) already has >50 entries. We probably want to organize this a bit better. We could merge this now and decide on what to do with the publications later.

## preCICE features

* **Coupling schemes** For an introduction to explicit and implicit coupling, as well as the various acceleration / post-processing techniques, have a look at the dissertations of Bernhard Gatzhammer (Sections 2.3 and 4.1) and Benjamin Uekermann (Chapter 3). 

* **Data mapping** For an introduction to the various techniques, have a look at the dissertations of Bernhard Gatzhammer (Sections 2.4 and 4.2) and Benjamin Uekermann (Section 4.3). For a more condensed overview of RBF mapping, see [Radial Basis Function Interpolation for Black-Box Multi-Physics Simulations](ftp://ftp.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de/pub/library/ncstrl.ustuttgart_fi/INPROC-2017-35/INPROC-2017-35.pdf)

* **Communication** For an introduction to the various techniques, have a look at the dissertation of Bernhard Gatzhammer (Section 4.3). Have a look also at the master's thesis of Alexander Shukaev: "[A Fully Parallel Process-to-Process Intercommunication Technique for preCICE](https://www5.in.tum.de/pub/Shukaev2015_MasterThesis.pdf)".

> * **Time interpolation** This feature is currently under active development. Have a look at the publications, talks, and posters of [Benjamin Rüth](https://www5.in.tum.de/wiki/index.php/Benjamin_R%C3%BCth,_M.Sc._(hons)).

Reviewer: New page in the meanwhile:

```suggestion
* **Time interpolation** This feature is currently under active development. Have a look at the publications, talks, and posters of [Benjamin Rüth](https://www.in.tum.de/en/i05/people/personen/benjamin-rueth/).
```
